my name is Dan Delano I'm 27 years old
and I'm from st. Paul Minnesota now one
thing I like about America Ninja Warrior
is how to attract people from all
different types of backgrounds you got
gymnasts free runners
rock climbers but I think I would be the
first competitor who would attribute
their sports background to bowling
I've been a bowler for over 17 years now
and in that time I pull competitively in
both high school and then in college
with Nashville ranked Arizona State team
and have since then got on the bowl and
competitions all across the country
you know bowling is just like a nurse
for the requires strength accuracy and
consistency just like American Ninja
Warrior and bowling if you miss by an
inch or two get too fast too slow you'll
go from strikes to split same with ninja
war one low mistake will send you back
I've actually been using my bowling
balls to a help of my ninja warrior
training such as working with them on my
balance
and they're great when you need to add a
little s your way to your workout
I want to be an American into wire
because I want to prove to others that
doesn't matter what your background is
as long as you have the determination
and you put in the effort anything is
possible
I will be the next American Ninja
Warrior